Big Ed sweet
previously on brotherhood diaries Rome
is three times the size of Florence so
it made sense for us to introduce the
horse in the city as a player you
totally get to customize your own
assassin with this the player will have
some pretty kick-ass allies to help him
fight the Borgia the papal troops march
across the countryside conquering the
cities of Italian one by one only Ezio
Auditore da Firenze stands between the
Templars and his brilliant ruthless
general Cesare and his ambition welcome
to assassin's creed brotherhood diaries
in assassin's creed brotherhood ezio is
facing his toughest foe ever Cesare
Borgia is the perfect nemesis and
basically you can do whatever it means
it's got unlimited resources being the
general of the papal armies is really
really ruthless and truly etios biggest
challenge to date reunited Italia I must
have every institution under my control
she's trying to take over the whole
country and united under the Templars
mrs. Creed Brotherhood there's Cesare
who's your main target but he's helped
by three generals a Duke devera has a
huge army which helps Josiah make his
law in Rome Juan Borgia who is in charge
of the money so as I uses this money to
to wages whar's and Miguelito with
Josiah's personal assassin so we
dedicated one full sequence of gameplay
to learn a little bit about their
backstory all there
fluence is corrupting rome and
everything so you'll get to experience
the constant buildup we're in the final
showdown you get to track down your
final pray in killer well it's a
well-known fact that Leonardo da Vinci
ends up working for Rodrigo Borgia and
one of the things that Rodrigo wants to
do by taking over the world is build
these fabulous war machines and we
created the whole missions around them
where you have to go find the plans
destroy them get the machine you
actually get to use it and then destroy
so that the Borgias can't use these war
machines in their fight in a c2 we had
what we called the secret locations
people really love that so we decided to
bring them back in sizes Creed
Brotherhood with a twist of course and
once you find them something interesting
is going to help and then there is
gadgets like crossbow that I wanted to
use it's a c1 now we have it in the game
with upgrades on it there's also the
parachute which is based off one of
Leo's drawing that that will permit you
to glide if you jump from high ductility
our new strategy for combat and
assassin's creed brotherhood is to
strike first and strike fast we wanted
to reward those that really had a more
aggressive approach to it we won't see
the player to feel badass when it was
performing these counter kills so that
became sort of the trademark of what the
combat system is you may have noticed
there are now enemies with guns if you
know a bit of the history of rome and of
Leonardo those assets end up in the
hands of the Borgia so what you have is
now we have enemies that are a lot more
aggressive but at the same time Ezio is
a lot faster of a fighter the papal
guards are basically the ultimate elite
guards that we're going to have an
assassin's creed brotherhood their sole
purpose is to kill etsu
they're super brutes they're super agile
he'll sucker punch you all the time
they'll have two people hit you at the
one time so they have the best of all
the other archetypes so it's all about
mastering not only the combo system but
also mastering your defensive strategy
and your offensive strategies with the
coolest movie I've seen it is extremely
violent with both the soul and the gun
once you have it in your hands it's
something unbelievable it's really fast
paced really good as a rope basically
you get to kill somebody with a sword
and then you get to shoot his head with
the gun that's pretty violent next on
the Brotherhood Diaries we're going to
go to a harbour Naples you're going to
experience entire other country you're
going to get to go to Spain another
really cool aspect of the multiplayer of
assassin's creed brotherhood is the fact
that now that it's person that you're
chasing it's a lot more unpredictable
and they're a lot smarter than any I I
that you can ever make